## Project to test/develop several ideas aiming at connecting Galaxy - CWL - RO-crate


## Create a Research Object Crate (RO-Crate) from Worklow definitions.
See use case in https://github.com/ResearchObject/ro-crate/issues/20 

TODO: find a clear example of a RO-crate for a workflow definition

## Obtain a Research Object Crate (RO-Crate) from  Workflow executions
   Should get the workflow definition + all datasets obtained from it and all provenance data required to replicate the execution.
   May need to: 
       - get snapshot/checksum of the input. The way of storing into an RO-crate is a JSON file which should allow re-execution of the workflow.
       - Data generated by the workflow run, including intermediates, are SHA1-hashed and added to the RO with content-addressable identifiers
       - The retrospecive provenance trace of the run refers to data using their hash, linking to the workflow definition
       - if the workflow is based on a "reference workflow" than I should be able to reference it (see https://github.com/ResearchObject/ro-crate/issues/21)....so, some kind of reference needs to be included. 
   Should I represent the provenance data using cwl-interface ?( cwl-interface is like an abstract version of cwl, see https://github.com/common-workflow-language/common-workflow-language/issues/337) 
   what would be the starting point? should the user indicate/select from a list  the workflow execution and then the ro-crate is built from it? other option would be selecting a whole history, or selecting individual dataset(s) and retrieving all the info from that, in that case then we should first ask galaxy to extract a workflow from the history in order to retrieve the .ga file.
